{
  "url": "https://www.siperb.com/kb/article/feature-codes/",
  "title": "Feature Codes - SIPERB WebRTC Softphone",
  "content": "Feature Codes - SIPERB WebRTC Softphone Menu Home About Features Pricing Resources All Resources Discussion Forum FAQ Screenshots Source Code (GitHub) Support Home Connections Feature Codes Search For Search Feature Codes Contents Feature Codes - Quick Dial Access to Powerful Features What Are Feature Codes? How It Works Free Feature Actions Available Now Feature Codes \u2013 Quick Dial Access to Powerful Features Feature Codes let you dial short numeric codes (like *69 ) from your Softphone to instantly trigger specific actions. While initially implemented for testing and diagnostics, Feature Codes are evolving into a powerful way to interact with advanced system features. What Are Feature Codes? Feature Codes are short dial strings (starting with * ) that map directly to built-in Siperb features. They allow for rapid access to things like hold music tests or media echo tools, right from your dial pad. While the current set is designed for media and connection testing, this framework will soon support user-driven features like: Voicemail configuration Instant conference room access Interaction with AI agents And more\u2026 How It Works From the Connections page, click the Add Feature button, like you would add a connection to your PBX or ISP, except this time by adding a Feature, it routes the matching call to one of our Voice Application Servers. Each Feature Code entry includes: A Code (always begins with * , up to 5 digits) A Feature Action (defines the function) A Connection Name (for simple identification) An optional Weight (for prioritizing if duplicates exist). Free Feature Actions Available Now These are available to all users for testing and diagnostics: Action Description Music On Hold Plays a sample hold track to test audio playback over your connection. Music On Hold 1 Plays a sample hold track, after early-media, to test early media handling. Early Media Test Plays early-media, then hangs up the line, testing early media rejection handling. Video Echo Prompts the user to enter a DTMF code (1\u201350) to initiate a multi-stream video echo test. The number you enter determines how many video streams will be returned. Useful for verifying video call performance and stream handling. More Features coming soon! Related Articles Viewing SIP Trace Logs 403 Failed to get a destination SBC Registration Modes Call Media Transcoding Understanding WebRTC\u2019s End-to-End Encryption Inbound Registration Connections Contents Feature Codes \u2013 Quick Dial Access to Powerful Features What Are Feature Codes? How It Works Free Feature Actions Available Now Popular Articles Understanding SIP Transactions, Dialogs, and Sessions OpenSIPS WebRTC Asterisk WebRTC An Introduction to Connections Welcome to the SIPERB Beta Program \u00a9 Copyright SIPERB . Facebook X (Twitter) LinkedIn YouTube Privacy Policy Terms Of Service"
}
