{
  "url": "https://www.siperb.com/kb/support/",
  "title": "Support - SIPERB WebRTC Softphone",
  "content": "Support - SIPERB WebRTC Softphone Menu Home About Features Pricing Resources All Resources Discussion Forum FAQ Screenshots Source Code (GitHub) Support Home Support Search For Search Support At SIPERB, we are committed to providing our users with comprehensive support to ensure a seamless experience with our products. Our support system is designed to cater to various needs, from general inquiries to technical assistance, all through a structured support ticket system. We also foster a vibrant community where users can interact, share insights, and assist each other. Support Options Support Tickets How It Works : If you need assistance, you can submit a support ticket through our website. Each ticket is meticulously tracked and monitored to ensure you receive timely and accurate help. This is the primary method for receiving support and ensures that your issues are addressed systematically. Email : support@siperb.com Submit a Ticket Note: This portal requires a login. Support Community Forum Engage with Peers : Join our community forum to connect with other users, share experiences, and find answers from peers who have faced similar challenges. Our forum is a place for learning, sharing, and community assistance. Visit the Discussion Forum (GitHub) Support Hours Availability : Our support team is available from Monday to Friday, 8 AM to 5 PM (GMT). Language : Please note that support is provided in English only. Our 3-Tier Support Structure Support Level 1: Free Eligibility : Available to all users. Scope : Handle general questions about accounts, billing, and navigating resources. Response Time : Expect a response within approximately 24 hours. Email : support@siperb.com Support Level 2: Paid Eligibility : Requires a paid account. Users on free plans may be asked to upgrade for access. Scope : Get help with technical issues, including integration with systems like Asterisk. Ideal for users needing detailed technical guidance. Response Time : Expect a response within approximately 48 hours. Support Level 3: Quoted and Paid Eligibility : Tailored for users without technical staff or strategic partners requiring guaranteed response times. Scope : Comprehensive support, including system configuration and customized solutions. All work is agreed upon upfront, quoted, and must be paid for before services are rendered. Response Time : Scheduled as per availability after payment and scope agreement. Arrange a Consultation : support@siperb.com Note Telephone Support : Please be aware that we do not provide technical support over the telephone. All support inquiries must go through our ticket system or forum to ensure they are logged and handled appropriately. \u00a9 Copyright SIPERB . Facebook X (Twitter) LinkedIn YouTube Privacy Policy Terms Of Service"
}
